Now we'll share with you some of my observations,
but there's really no right or wrong answer in this exercise.
The first thing I notice is that there's a good deal of separation in
the average values in each of the channels for the biking activity.
Meaning that the average value from
the x channel is very different from the y channel and the z channel,
and they don't really overlap.
Until you get to the running activity where we see that
x and z are overlapped pretty heavily for the entire duration of the signal.
The other thing I notice is the peak to peak values in the y-axis is pretty high.
For this subject, we even see what appears to be clipping in the x channel.
If we zoom in, we can see that this might
be the oversaturation or clipping we learned about in lesson one.
When we go to walking, we see that still the x and z channels are overlapped,
but the energy in the y channel,
the peak-to-peak here is smaller than it wasn't running.
So one observation is that we could
use the peak-to-peak value in the y channel to separate walking from running.
Another one is that maybe the average distance between the x, y,
and z channels will be another good feature because
it seems to separate biking from walking and running.
So these are just a few observations from visually looking at our data.
In the next lesson,
we'll actually build features that we'll use to do activity classification.